Authentication for subscriptions (#476)
netgroup-polito/CrownLabs: qlkube/README.md

## Schema

The generated graphql schema is served at /schema

## Playground adjust

> A issue could be seen in the playground when you test the subscription due to some graphql-playground modules. This bug is about the scrolling of the responses. At the moment the only way to overcome this issue is to use a browser extension that inject css into the page. A possible extension for fixing that is [Stylus](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An issue could be seen in the playground when you test the subscription due to some graphql-playground modules. This bug is about the scrolling of the responses. At the moment, the only way to overcome this issue is to use a browser extension that injects custom css into the page. A possible extension for fixing that is [Stylus](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne).
```

> After you have installed the extension and opened the option, you can write a new style just click on the respective button under the menu **Actions** and add the code below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have installed the extension and opened the option panel, you can add custom css clicking on the respective button under the menu **Actions** and adding the code below:
```
